add usage guidelines for waku content topics (#117)
vacp2p/rfc-index: waku/informational/23/topics.md

The encoding field indicates the serialization/encoding scheme
for the [WakuMessage payload](../../standards/core/14/message.md/#payloads) field.

### Content Topic usage guidelines

> Applications should be mindful while designing/using content topics so that a bloat of content-topics does not happen. 

Reviewer: Might make sense to use RFC-style "SHOULD" here.

> A content topic bloat causes performance degradation in Store and Filter protocols while trying to retrieve messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A content-topic bloat causes performance degradation in [13/WAKU2 -STORE](/waku/standards/core/13/store.md) and [12/WAKU2-FILTER](/waku/standards/core/13/filter.md) protocols while trying to retrieve messages.
```
Other rfc should be referenced.

Author: thanks, will keep in mind.

Store queries have been noticed to be considerably slow (e.g doubling of response-time when content-topic count is increased from 10 to 100) when a lot of content-topics are involved in a single query.
Similarly number of filter subscriptions increase, which increases complexity on client side to maintain and manage these subscriptions.

> Applications should analyze the query/filter criteria for fetching messages from the network and select/design content topics to match such filter criteria. 

Reviewer: Here and elsewhere SHOULD indicates RFC-style recommendation

> e.g: eventhough applications may want to segregate messages into different sets based on some application logic, if those sets of messages are always fetched/queried together from the network, then all those messages should use a single content-topic. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
e.g: even though applications may want to segregate messages into different sets based on some application logic, if those sets of messages are always fetched/queried together from the network, then all those messages should use a single content-topic. 
```
